lotus-worker: change address flag to listen (#2848)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/en/mining-lotus-worker.md

Once this is set, run:

```sh
lotus-worker run
```

> If you are running multiple workers on the same host, you will nee to speciy the `--listen` flag and ensure each worker is on a different port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running multiple workers on the same host, you will need to specify the `--listen` flag and ensure each worker is on a different port.
```

> To check that the **Lotus Worker** is connected to your **Lotus Miner**, run `lotus-miner workers list` and check that the remote worker count has increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check that the **Lotus Worker** is connected to your **Lotus Miner**, run `lotus-miner sealing workers` and check that the remote worker count has increased.
```
